Rachel come on talk to me please I can't
even look at you right now what nothing
nothing just that everything was okay
what are they talking about reality
get away from me was a mistake I made a
mistake okay a mistake what were you
trying to put it in her purse where
where did he put it
Ross you had sex with another woman oh
my god oh I knew something had to be
wrong because my fingernails did not
grow at all yesterday yeah well I guess
they had a fight and he got dry guys
know about that you didn't tell us you
had sex when we get hit in our heads I
want you to leave get out of here no no
I know I want to stay I want to talk
about this okay all right how was she Oh
what was she good don't answer that
well she said you wanted to talk about
it let's talk about it
how was she she was awful she was not
good not going to shoot she was
different
oh good different
nobody likes change should we do
something yeah never cheat on Rachel I'm
sorry okay I'm sorry I I was disgusted
with myself and this morning I was so I
was I was so upset that I got your
message I was so happy and I only wanted
was to get her out of my apartment as
fast as whoa whoa whoa wait a minute
what time did your little friend leave
oh my god she was she was still there
she was in there when I was in there oh
listen little hey great the important
thing is she meant she meant nothing to
me
and yet she was worth jeopardizing iris
I didn't think there was a relationship
to jeopardize I thought we were broken
up we were on a break but for all I knew
we could last forever that to me is a
break up you think you're gonna get out
of this on a technicality I'm not trying
to get out of anything okay
I thought our relationship was dead well
you sure had a hell of a time as awake
you know what I don't think we should
listen us anymore what what are you
doing can't go out there why not I'm
hungry because they'll know we've been
listening god I'd have to hear about it
from that sir come on like I wanted him
to tell you I ran all over the place
trying to make sure that didn't happen
oh that is so sweet
I think I'm falling in love with you all
over again
you know what I think we can go out
there I mean they have more important
things to worry about
yeah we'll be fine look Rachel I wanted
to tell you I thought I should I did and
then Chandler and Joey convinced me not
to wax the door shut we're never leaving
hi it's Phoebe
listen someone's gonna have to take my 9
o'clock with mr. rehab cause it's like
9:15 now and I'm not there
don't you realize none of this would
ever have happened if I didn't think at
that same moment you were having sex
with mark all right let's say I had
slept with mark would you have been able
to forgive me yes I would
you'd be okay if you knew that Mark had
kissed me and been naked with me and
made love to me yes you knew that our
hot sweaty writhing body okay okay yeah
it I would have been devastated but I
would still want to be with you because
it's I mean it's you